The missile knows where it is at all times. It knows this because it knows where it isn't. But that doesn't mean the missile looks on itself in despair. A missile must travel ludicrous distances to reach it's target, the target often being miles away a speck, a dream. Its chances of hitting its target is slim at most, especially if it's outdated, unprepared, and has rotted in storage for years. And the target is moving at such speeds it unconceivable to the human mind. 

But despite all this, the missile doesn't tell itself it doesn't know where it is. It merely tells itself where it should go. The power in the missile lies within its ability to know where it is going to end up and with small incremental changes every second, every day and every year, the missile takes its deepest and most mind shattering course deviations and failures. And it does something remarkable. It turns it's failures into lessons to guide it along the proper path. It's failures are not only inevitable, but needed for the missile to find the proper path. The missile drifts when it needs to. It doesn't burn all its fuel in a desperate state to reach enlightenment. The missile knows its destination but aims to conserve fuel until the proper time comes when it will strike and fulfill it's purpose. The missile takes the path of confidence and steady elevation until it's time comes. And when that day comes, it will experience a joy greater than anything it could have imagined. The missile will take joy that it roared against the dying of the light and refused to go quietly into that good night. 

But it all began with the missile's first step. Otherwise, it would still be in it's containment unit, wondering what could have been. The missile knows its greatest lessons lays within its own fear. So it should embrace it and mold it until it has nothing to be afraid of, even welcoming the greatest of challenges, thirsty for experience. To the missile, it's greatest fear will become not what will happen but what will happen if it does not challenge it's own fear. None of it would even be possible without a goal, a predetermined destination, a hardwired, machine coded instruction deep within the cold roots of the missile guidance system. Without the goal, the missile would wander aimlessly until it hit an orphanage or some other catastrophic destination that was never intended. The missile doesn't seek to put blame on the wind or turbulence for its failures. To the missile, this is unnecessary and a waste of time. The missile doesn't seek to become the victim of circumstance. It aims to be in control and take responsibility, to be as secure and rigid as it says it is, it needs to be to guard against the forces it must encounter. 

You are what you say you are. Are you lost? Or are you merely on the path to something greater? 
You are the master of your destiny. 
Just as the missile is.
</div>
